In this project i made a pokemon API using the https://pokeapi.co/ link in the url and have set this as the base of the project. The goal of this project was to make a application where a user would be able to interact with a interface and get a classic pokemon card where the user is showed the pokemon, its weakness, name, and a couple moves. It should look like a classic pokemon card that one would open in the little packs in stores. A walkthrough the project, the user opens the applications and is greeted by a button in which they will click, the frontend of this application is responsible for showing the user the pokemon and the design they have been chosen with. The backend code then uses flask, python mostly, and on the frontend html and css. The html handles most of the user interaction(the button) and sends the signal to the backend of the code to fire away and request information from the poke api website, where the information of the pokemon are listed along with other properties that are requested later on. I decided to use flask for this application because its easier for the user to see how the application is reading their responses, flask to use route handlers to send the user to their pokemon card and a way to return back to get another one. I was focused on this project to pull data from the poke api as reading data has always been a struggle for me, and route handlers since i generally enjoyed seeing the project work as intended and have a clean flow of progress. 